My name is Caitlyn.
I am the behavior intervention mentor
at Doctor Lucy Middle School.
And I'm going to talk about night mode
extra care today.
Night mode is a communication
that we send out to all staff,
and it is to inform them
that one of their students might need
a little extra care
or a little extra support.
This started when I had a student
come in first thing in the morning,
middle of the week,
and told me about a traumatic thing
that had happened
the evening before at home,
and they were at school that morning
just feeling off.
And I was thinking, man,
when he went back to class,
I was thinking, man,
I wish I could go
and tell all of his teachers
just to give them
a little bit of grace today.
So I did go to some teachers and
let them know, hey, can you just give them
a little extra care today?
And of course, they were like,
what happened?
Like, they're very
they all care about their students here.
And it was time consuming and
I really wanted to keep it confidential.
So like I said, just give them extra care.
So we are the doctor closing nights.
So we kept with the brand.
That's called night Mode Extra Care.
It is an email that goes out
as needed to all staff,
and it says night mode in the,
in the subject line.
And then it says New Tonight mode,
and we'll put a name, just the name,
no description of what's going on.
And, and then it says kids
who are still in night mode
and will have a list of kids who maybe
lost one out, like the week before.
And they're still
they still need that extra care.
So all that the, code
means is
this kid needs some extra care right now.
Sometimes that means
they extend some deadlines
or they don't expect them to participate
as much in class.
Or if they see them a little down,
they just kind of give them a little bit
of a break. Yeah.
And I've gotten really good feedback
from it. Hi,
my name is Greg Keating
and I am a classroom teacher here at Dr.
Losier. I teach math and science.
And I am going to speak
specifically about our night mode
that we have developed here at Doctor
Losier
In cooperation with our behavior
intervention mentor, Caitlyn Napke.
And this program I'm
going to speak to as a classroom teacher
and how it supports us
as classroom teachers
and ultimately supports our students,
from a classroom perspective.
I enjoy that.
I'm kept in the role of students
that might be experiencing challenges,
and night mode does let us know
we get a weekly email through night mode
that allows us to know, okay,
this week
these students are still in night mode.
Or maybe there's a student
that's been added to night mode
because they're experiencing a challenge
and it lets us know as teachers, okay,
how can we best support this student?
Maybe they'll need breaks
from the classroom.
Maybe they'll need some time
in our nightstand to do their work.
Maybe they'll need, whatever the need
might be, it allows us as classroom
teachers to be aware of these
specific students
are experiencing challenges.
How can we, as classroom teachers
support that and support
our behavior intervention?
Mentor support our S team as a team
working to support our students.
In year
before this program existed, oftentimes,
frontline teachers in the classroom
might not be aware
of students in the room
that we're experiencing challenges.
And this program has allowed us
to be aware of some of the needs
our students have,
some of the challenges are experiencing,
and how we can best support them
in a positive way within our school.